[FCE-920] Describe metadata (#63)
fishjam-cloud/documentation: docs/production/server.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Metadata

> When creating peer, you can also add metadata assigned to that peer. They can be later on read with [mobile SDK](/react-native/metadata)

Reviewer: **nitpick (blocking):** 
```suggestion
When creating a peer, you can also add metadata assigned to that peer. That can be later on read with the [mobile SDK](/react-native/metadata)
```

> or [web SDK](/react/metadata). These metadata can be only set when creating peer, and can't be updated later.

Reviewer: **nitpick (blocking):** 
```suggestion
or [web SDK](/react/metadata). This metadata can be only set when creating the peer, and can't be updated later.
```
